# Guidelines

## GitHub cheat sheet

### General guidelines
A few things to help you as you use GitHub. ;-) Always make sure you edit the file in the local folder on your computer.
1. Each time you begin a new work session, make sure you `pull` the latest version. At the end of each coding section, always *stage*, *push* and *commit* your work. This is to make sure every one always works with the latest version.
2. Once you are happy with some changes you make, *stage* them in GitKraken. Make sure you only stage the most important files, such as `.cpp`, `.h`, `.tex`, `.bib` . The other files are compilation files generated by your computer and may clutter the repository. Also make sure you **only** stage the files where you make changes.
3. Once you have staged the files you want to share, *commit* them. Don't forget to add your commit a title and a short description of what you did. Here is an example.  
   Title : `Updated file.cpp`  
   `Added: New variables`  
   `Added: New algorithm`  
   `Edited: For loop in the algorithm`  
   `Deleted: While loop, repalced by for loop`
4. Once you have committed, don't forget to *push*. Otherwise, the files uploaded in the cloud won't be the latest version.

### Troubleshooting
If you have any trouble, feel free to ask for some help. And don't forget that anything can be reverted in Github (that's what makes it great), so don't panic if you think you have done something wrong: *Keep Calm, Ask for Help, and Carry On*! ;-)

You may see that a branch has appeared on the Git Kraken dashboard. Congratulations, you have forked a branch! I will make sure from time to time to merge them back in the main trunk, but don't worry about it, it's perfectly normal!
