# simlation-project-imperial
Simulation project at Imperial College London.

## Introduction
This is the simulation project of team 3 at Imperial College London in the MSc in Mathematics and Finance.

### Team

The team includes the following members, with the associated GitHub identifiers.

| Name | GitHub id | Main allocation |
| --- | --- | --- |
|Tresnia Berah| | Delivery |
|Thomas Espel|ddblue75| Code 2 |
|Konstantin Kulak|suncomer| Code 1 |
|Callum MacIver|maciverc| Code 2 |
|Vera Zhang|xuanverazhang| Delivery |
|ZhenTian Qiu|qingwa901| Code 1 |

### GitHub cheat sheet

#### General guidelines
A few things to help you as you use GitHub. ;-) Always make sure you edit the file in the local folder on your computer.
1. Each time you begin a new work session, make sure you `pull` the latest version. At the end of each coding section, always *stage*, *push* and *commit* your work. This is to make sure every one always works with the latest version.
2. Once you are happy with some changes you make, *stage* them in GitKraken. Make sure you only stage the most important files, such as `.cpp`, `.h`, `.tex`, `.bib` . The other files are compilation files generated by your computer and may clutter the repository. Also make sure you **only** stage the files where you make changes.
3. Once you have staged the files you want to share, *commit* them. Don't forget to add your commit a title and a short description of what you did. Here is an example.  
   Title : `Updated file.cpp`  
   `Added: New variables`  
   `Added: New algorithm`  
   `Edited: For loop in the algorithm`  
   `Deleted: While loop, repalced by for loop`
4. Once you have commited, don't forget to *push*. Otherwise, the files uploaded in the cloud won't be the latest version.

#### Troubleshooting
If you have any trouble, feel free to ask for some help. And don't forget that anything can be reverted in Github (that's what makes it great), so don't panic if you think you have done something wrong: *Keep Calm, Ask for Help, and Carry On*! ;-)

You may see that a branch has appeared on the Gitkraken dashboard. Congratulations, you have forked a branch! I will make sure from time to time to merge them back in the main trunk, but don't worry about it, it's perfectly normal!

## Tracking advances
### Meeting 1: Fri 16.03.17
#### Proceedings
- The project can be broken down in separate tasks.
- The group will be split into three task teams. There are two coding teams and one delivery team.
- The delivery team ensures the report is consistent with the coding work and with the subject.
- The two code teams will run in parallel for the core task, until they split and focus on sepcific tasks.
- Everyone will be able to perform tasks in different areas. Teams are just there to split the responsibility for specific parts of the project.
- The group will meet twice a week in the Junior Common Room: *Wednesday 2pm* and *Friday 10am*.

The allocation of the members are detailed below.

| Team | Member |
| --- | --- |
|Delivery|Tresnia, Vera|
|Code 1|ZhenTian, Konstantin|
|Code 2|Callum, Thomas|

#### Upcoming tasks
- Make sure every one is available for the upcoming meetings.
- Set up the github accounts.
- Each coding team should have a basic version of the code for next Wednesday. The two versions will be compared and merged to create a unique file.
